---
id: March 3, 2021
title: March 3, 2021
sidebar_label: March 3, 2021
---

3 March 2021 / 7:00 PM / Webex

## ATTENDEES

MIS Seniors, Members and Eboard

## AGENDA

### Last Meeting Follow-up

- Meeting with PwC

### New Business

- Senior Panel

## NOTES

- Julia Moody
    - Switched from Accounting Junior Year
        - PwC
- Andrew Taylor
    - Started as an MIS major
        - Optum
- Jenna Mulett
    - Switched sophomore year from Marketing
        - Cigna
- Which classes did you find to be the most beneficial in your time at UConn?
    - Andrew
        - CS minor Classes, Web Dev Class in OPIM
- Do you have a minor? If so, what is it and how has it added to your experience as an MIS major?
    - Helped with MIS major minor like CS, GIS, Analytics
    - Analytics minor allows you to choose many OPIM electives
- Are there any skills you’ve obtained outside of class? Why are they important and how did you obtain them?
    - SoftSkills in IMA, Communication Skills
    - Case Competition Class which is only offered as independent study, helped with teamwork, analytical skills and presentation skills
    - Participating in MIS case competitions
- If you had to give a fellow MIS major one piece of advice what would it be?
    - Get involvement in IMA, MIS case competitions that help meet people in MIS major
- What steps did you take to obtain a full-time position in the tech industry?
    - Julia: Cancelled internship, spent a lot of time networking with recruiters, following up, informing about applications
    - Andrew: Made a good impression in an internship and was asked to stay
- What are some prep tips you recommend specifically for MIS interviews?
    - Talk to Cathy Hendrinkson at the Business Career Development Office
    - If you have technical interviews, explaining your reasoning and solution
    - Regular interviews: give examples of work you have done outside and inside the class
    - Use all valuable experiences you had in college
    - Get to know your interviewer because likability is key, they appreciate it and want to associate you with a person not just as an applicant
    - Talk about IMA to your recruiters because they might be Alumni of UConn or even IMA
- What are some companies you would recommend to apply to as an MIS major?
    - Burns and Mcdonnel
    - Deloitte
    - PwC
    - Cigna
    - Optum
    - Travelers
    - Rotational programs are a good place to start
- What advice do you have to give to non-MIS majors?
    - Don’t be afraid to try new things, take action
    - Take a variety of classes
    - Get involved with your major, join clubs related to your majors
- Do you have any regrets regarding your major, minor, internships. Is there something you wish you did better or differently. 
    - Julia: Started with MIS from freshmen year, get any internship to get familiar with the workforce
    - Jenna: GPA is not a big indicator of what kind of job you can get. Making sure you can apply your studies vs just getting grades
- What are the hardest and easiest classes you took at UConn?
    - Easy
        - OPIM3104
        - LING1010
        - ANTH1000
        - ECON1201
    - Hard
        - OPIM3222
        - Case Competition Class
        - CS minor classes
- Who are some staff in the school of business you recommend people go to for guidance, whether professional or personal?
    - Kathy Hendrinkson
    - Jon Moore
- What’s something you wish you knew early on in your MIS studies?
    - Put time into coding because you can do it if you just put time and your brain into it
    - Not as technical as expected with the first clases being Excel and Access
    - Use google for programming
- Did you participate in the OPIM Innovate workshops and tech kits? How beneficial were they to acquiring skills?
    - Andrew: CTO for IMA run Lab Hours
        - Good way to introduce yourself into a new technology
- How important would you say IMA meetings are for underclass MIS majors?
    - Very beneficial when it comes to recruitment at big companies 
    - Networking with MIS peers
- What is a job in data analytics like? What does a data analyst do?
    - Looking at the business problem 
    - OPIM3221 can help you understand the role
- What should I be doing now to better myself for a job in data analytics?
    - Analytics Minor
    - Python
- How did it feel like starting your first internship, was it scary?
    - Felt like a classroom project
    - An adjustment to waking up early 
    - Not that scary
- What resources/ organizations on/off campus have allowed you to exercise analytical skills?
    - OPIM Innovate
    - MIS Case Competition
    - UConntact

## ACTION ITEMS

- Contact Information:
    - Julia.Moody@uconn.edu
    - Andrew.s.Taylor@uconn.edu
    - Jenna.Mulett@uconn.edu 

## NEXT WEEK’S AGENDA

- OPIM Innovate R Demo
